     Old Anchor Inn, Bristol, March 1, 17--.

     Dear Livesey--As I do not know whether you are at the
     hall or still in London, I send this in double to both
     places.

     The ship is bought and fitted.  She lies at anchor,
     ready for sea.  You never imagined a sweeter schooner
     --a child might sail her--two hundred tons; name,
     HISPANIOLA.

     I got her through my old friend, Blandly, who has
     proved himself throughout the most surprising trump.
     The admirable fellow literally slaved in my interest,
     and so, I may say, did everyone in Bristol, as soon
     as they got wind of the port we sailed for--treasure,
     I mean.

     Blandly himself found the HISPANIOLA, and by the most
     admirable management got her for the merest trifle.
     There is a class of men in Bristol monstrously
     prejudiced against Blandly.  They go the length of
     declaring that this honest creature would do anything
     for money, that the HISPANIOLA belonged to him, and
     that he sold it me absurdly high--the most transparent
     calumnies.  None of them dare, however, to deny the
     merits of the ship.

     So far there was not a hitch.  The workpeople, to be
     sure--riggers and what not--were most annoyingly slow;
     but time cured that.  It was the crew that troubled me.

     I wished a round score of men--in case of natives,
     buccaneers, or the odious French--and I had the worry
     of the deuce itself to find so much as half a dozen,
     till the most remarkable stroke of fortune brought me
     the very man that I required.

     I was standing on the dock, when, by the merest
     accident, I fell in talk with him.  I found he was an
     old sailor, kept a public-house, knew all the seafaring
     men in Bristol, had lost his health ashore, and wanted
     a good berth as cook to get to sea again.  He had
     hobbled down there that morning, he said, to get a
     smell of the salt.

     I was monstrously touched--so would you have been--and,
     out of pure pity, I engaged him on the spot to be
     ship's cook.  Long John Silver, he is called, and has
     lost a leg; but that I regarded as a recommendation,
     since he lost it in his country's service, under the
     immortal Hawke.  He has no pension, Livesey.  Imagine
     the abominable age we live in!

     Well, sir, I thought I had only found a cook, but it
     was a crew I had discovered.  Between Silver and myself
     we got together in a few days a company of the toughest
     old salts imaginable--not pretty to look at, but
     fellows, by their faces, of the most indomitable
     spirit.  I declare we could fight a frigate.

     Long John even got rid of two out of the six or seven
     I had already engaged.  He showed me in a moment that
     they were just the sort of fresh-water swabs we had to
     fear in an adventure of importance.

     I am in the most magnificent health and spirits,
     eating like a bull, sleeping like a tree, yet I shall
     not enjoy a moment till I hear my old tarpaulins
     tramping round the capstan.  Seaward, ho!  Hang the
     treasure!  It's the glory of the sea that has turned
     my head.  So now, Livesey, come post; do not lose an
     hour, if you respect me.

     Let young Hawkins go at once to see his mother, with
     Redruth for a guard; and then both come full speed to
     Bristol.

                                        John Trelawney

     Postscript.--I did not tell you that Blandly, who, by
     the way, is to send a consort after us if we don't
     turn up by the end of August, had found an admirable
     fellow for sailing master--a stiff man, which I
     regret, but in all other respects a treasure.  Long
     John Silver unearthed a very competent man for a mate,
     a man named Arrow.  I have a boatswain who pipes,
     Livesey; so things shall go man-o'-war fashion on
     board the good ship HISPANIOLA.

     I forgot to tell you that Silver is a man of
     substance; I know of my own knowledge that he has a
     banker's account, which has never been overdrawn.  He
     leaves his wife to manage the inn; and as she is a
     woman of colour, a pair of old bachelors like you and
     I may be excused for guessing that it is the wife,
     quite as much as the health, that sends him back to
     roving.

                                        J. T.

     P.P.S.--Hawkins may stay one night with his mother.

                                        J. T.
